docs: update the list of parameters available in the `loader` in the "data loading" guide (#1945)
TanStack/router: docs/framework/react/guide/data-loading.md

The `loader` function receives a single object with the following properties:

- `abortController` - The route's abortController. Its signal is cancelled when the route is unloaded or when the Route is no longer relevant and the current invocation of the `loader` function becomes outdated.
- `cause` - The cause of the current route match, either `enter` or `stay`.
- `context` - The route's context object, which is a merged union of:
  - Parent route context
  - This route's context as provided by the `beforeLoad` option

> - `deps` - The value returned from route.loaderDeps, if you specified route.loaderDeps, otherwise it is an empty object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deps` - The object value returned from the `Route.loaderDeps` function. If `Route.loaderDeps` is not defined, an empty object will be provided instead.
```
